Add devcenter config doc (#89)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: administrator-documentation/moderne-platform/how-to-guides/agent-configuration/configure-an-agent-with-maven-repository-access.md

* `--moderne.agent.maven[{index}].snapshots` – _(Optional) Specifies whether or not this repository should be searched for snapshots. Defaults to `true`._
* `--moderne.agent.maven[{index}].astSource` – _(Optional) Specifies whether or not this repository should be searched for LST artifacts. Defaults to `true` (Note: LSTs used to be called ASTs)._
* `--moderne.agent.maven[{index}].recipeSource` – _(Optional) Specifies whether or not this repository should be searched for recipe jars. Defaults to `true`._

{% hint style="warning" %}

> If you want to configure a [Moderne DevCenter](../dev-center.md), you will need to ensure that only one of your Maven repositories has `recipeSource` set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to configure a [Moderne DevCenter](../dev-center.md), you will need to ensure that you have exactly one Maven repository configured with `recipeSource` set to `true`. (It is fine to have this same Maven repository configured in multiple agents.)
```
